Add docs for suggest renaming tmp layer (#10347)
qgis/QGIS-Documentation: docs/user_manual/managing_data_source/create_layers.rst

  Each of these commands opens the :guilabel:`Save Vector Layer as` dialog
  described in the :ref:`general_saveas` section and the saved file
  replaces the temporary one in the :guilabel:`Layers` panel.
  If you want to rename your layer, enter the desired :guilabel:`Layer name`,
  click :guilabel:`OK`. A message bar will pop up, click the

>   :guilabel:`Rename layer in layers panel` button to finalize the renaming.

Reviewer: Should we add that this is not available for all formats?

Reviewer 2: @selmaVH1 I'm trying to (hopefully) make it available for all formats (see https://github.com/qgis/QGIS/pull/62664#issuecomment-3424562341)

I'm wondering if the logic of the PR is not a bit different though, i.e. it is not on ability to rename in the dialog (this is already an existing feature), but the allowance to sync name in layers panel with layer actual name.
```suggestion
  If the saved file name is different from the original one in the :guilabel:`Layers` panel,
  a message bar will pop up, and you can click the :guilabel:`Rename layer in layers panel` button
  to homogenize the naming.
```
